Financial markets are divided into four main branches as banking sector, capital markets, insurance sector and factoring-leasing sectors. Although banking sectors dominate financial markets in developing countries, capital markets dominate other financial sectors due to the size and number of buy and sell side investment institutions and the high under asset management volumes of these institutions in developed economies.

In developed capital markets, the volume of derivatives and debt instruments is higher than other markets and instruments such as stock market, financial commodities, mutual funds, money market and banking products. However, considering both the spot volume of stocks and the volume of derivative financial products whose underlyings are spot single stocks or stock indices, it can be said that stocks have an important place among capital market products. In addition, stocks, which are the first product that comes to mind in the capital markets, are a showcase product in the financial sector.

Stock value estimation is one of the foremost, widely studied and difficult topics that attracts researchers from various fields along with political economy, history, finance, arithmetic and computing [1]. The main task of stock market forecasting is to determine the timing of stock trading. However, this estimation is very difficult due to the high volatility and non-linear relationships caused by short-term fluctuations in investment demand [2]. There are many techniques used to forecast stocks, including fundamental and technical analysis [3]. Many analysts and researchers have developed tools and techniques that predict stock price movements and help investors make the right decision [4]. The data, the frequency of the data, the variables used and the tools/methods of the techniques are important in the models for which market prices predict/forecast. In this study, the literature was examined from these aspects.

